Dataset Explanation:

DR_NO - This column likely represents the Report Number.

Date Rptd - This column indicates the date when the crime was reported to the authorities.

DATE OCC - This column represents the date on which the crime actually occurred.

AREA CODE - This column represents the Area Code. In the context of crime reports.

AREA NAME - This column contains the name or label of the specific area where the crime occurred.

Rpt Dist No - This column likely refers to the Report District Number.

Crm Cd - This column represents the Crime Code.

Crm Desc - This column contains the description of the crime corresponding to the Crime Code.

Vict Age- This column represents the age of the victim involved in the reported crime.

Vict Gender - This column indicates the gender of the victim.(F - Female, M - Male, X - Unknow)

Vict Descent - This column denotes the ethnic or racial descent of the victim.
    
(Descent Code: A - Other Asian, B - Black, C - Chinese, D - Cambodian, F - Filipino, G - Guamanian, H - Hispanic/Latin/Mexican, I - American Indian/Alaskan Native, J - Japanese, K - Korean, L - Laotian, O - Other, P - Pacific Islander, S - Samoan, U - Hawaiian, V - Vietnamese, W - White, X - Unknown, Z - Asian Indian)

Premis Cd - This column represents the Premises Code. It indicates the numerical code assigned to describe the type of location where the crime occurred, such as a residence, commercial establishment, or public area.

Premis Desc - This column contains the description or name of the premises corresponding to the Premises Code.

Weapon Used Cd - This column represents the Weapon Used Code. It denotes the numerical code assigned to describe the type of weapon, if any, used in the commission of the crime.

Weapon Desc - This column contains the description or name of the weapon corresponding to the Weapon Used Code.

Status - This column represents the Status of the crime report.

Status Desc - This column contains the description or name of the status corresponding to the Status Code.

LOCATION - This column represents the specific location or address where the crime occurred.